it's going on YouTube want to make this
video real quick of my 2012 gaming pc i
saw paul do a video on newegg on how
to's so all it thought it was pretty
easy figured I'd give it a shot I didn't
everything worked out pretty good so
this is my rig for 2012 got the asus
sabertooth z77 motherboard in there ivy
bridge 3770k processor have the xigmatek
dark night to heat sink white LED fan on
their 16 gigs of ddr3 ram corsair got
the gtx 680 s and sli have a thousand
watt power supply from coolermaster
bronze rated for my fans case fans
anyways I have 120 millimeter blue LED
fan in the back from arrow 2 on the top
one hundred forty millimeter fans from
arrow and then cooler master's 200
millimeter case fan all of them are blue
LEDs you guys can see I got the strips
in there wanted back to an affront from
my boot drive i have a hundred twenty
gig SSD from corsair than a 320 sata3
drive from WD it's for my games and all
that good stuff i need more space i'll
definitely get it later for my drive i
have a blu-ray read/write drive and it's
about it let me go and get it turned
down real quick see guys who look like
so that's what everything looks like
when it's turned on got all my fans
cranked up all the way so it's a little
loud it doesn't really bother me that I
always wear my Astro so is what it is if
I wanted to turn it down I just
turn my settings down a little bit but
wanted to run cool over here in the
front now this is what Paul sold me on
this case 650d Corsair case was this
right here helps with dust and all that
good stuff also have one underneath the
bottom right underneath my power supply
keep the dust out of there also just
pull it right out no problems a couple
case badges on there up here in the
front on this case i really like you
have that there and up on the top you
have a hotspot bay SSD and then your
standard days donegal for my games
so running a couple screens one run from
alienware the other ones from viewsonic
both of them are great screens enjoy
them a lot hope you guys like that my
2012 gaming PC